.TH XScreenSaver 1 "" "X Version 11"
.SH NAME
graphene - interfering coloured waves on hexagonal grid
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B graphene
[\-display \fIhost:display.screen\fP]
[\-visual \fIvisual\fP]
[\-window]
[\-root]
[\-list]
[\-scene \fIstring\fP]
[\-dump \fImode\fP]
[\-fps]
.SH DESCRIPTION
Draws an animated scene of coloured waves on hexagonal grid
.SH OPTIONS
.TP 8
.B \-visual \fIvisual\fP
Specify which visual to use.  Legal values are the name of a visual class,
or the id number (decimal or hex) of a specific visual.
.TP 8
.B \-window
Draw on a newly-created window.  This is the default.
.TP 8
.B \-root
Draw on the root window.
.TP 8
.B \-list
Print a list of embedded scenes names and exit
.TP 8
.B \-scene \fIstring\fP
Either the name of embedded scene or the full definition of arbitrary scene to display
.TP 8
.B \-dump \fImode\fP
Print the scene definition in one of "minified" or "explained" modes
.TP 8
.B \-fps
Display the current frame rate and CPU load
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.PP
.TP 8
.B DISPLAY
to get the default host and display number.
.TP 8
.B XENVIRONMENT
to get the name of a resource file that overrides the global resources
stored in the RESOURCE_MANAGER property.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR X (1),
.BR xscreensaver (1)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2006-2017 by Sergey Pushkin.  Permission to use, copy,
modify, distribute, and sell this software and its documentation for
any purpose is hereby granted without fee, provided that the above
copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that copyright
notice and this permission notice appear in supporting documentation.
No representations are made about the suitability of this software for
any purpose.  It is provided "as is" without express or implied
warranty.
.SH AUTHOR
Sergey Pushkin <pushkinsv@gmail.com>, 26-Feb-2017
